ON TIME RENTING PROJECT


Our team thought and find out the necessity of our project that will be make our life very easy and happiness.

Our project is “On Time Renting”. Sometime people require different types of product for a limited time which is very expensive or rare. For example, Camera, Boat, Sporting Equipment, Power tools, Camping Equipment and many more could be the rental product. If people can rent those items from someone by spending a little amount of money, it will be more efficient. It also may help people to earn extra income by giving on rent their product and equipment. So that owner, customer and the management all of them will be benefitted.
We research our project and find out the root causes of the problems are many, in particular, time saving and cost-effective purpose. In the first place, it will be better to go through the problems briefly so we can understand intuitively. For instance, A zoom lens is not much important in our everyday life. When we went to a tour, it would become necessary thing while taking a picture of an object from a distance. Moreover, hiking equipment, camping equipment, electronic devices are used occasionally. People use those things when they require that stuff. To use them, at first people need to buy them. In that situation the problem shows up. People get confused to spend huge money on this kind of products. They often face those problems in occasional event. So, this needs to be minimized. Through our system people will get easy access to get their products by renting process. In addition, they will be able to save a huge amount of money instead of purchasing. Moreover, it will be timesaving for the people. In the other way, the use of the products will be recycled efficiently.
We are going to build a software that will help us to reduce the complexity and lessen our problem. Our solution is capable of solving this kind of problem efficiently according to the demands of the people. Moreover, there is no appropriate solution to lessen those problems. Our solution is very much innovative, interesting and distinct because of time saving and cost-efficient features for the user.
That is why our solution is particularly appropriate to solve the problem. Our solution is feasible to meet the business objective. The person who will need the product have to spend a few amounts of money. On the other hand, the person who will provide rent will have got money by renting. Through this interacting process between owner and customer the admins/management are also being capable of gaining profit simultaneously in this system.
